[OKTA-794136] Users deprecation (#5046)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/core-okta-api/index.md

REST endpoints to configure objects whenever you need. For example:

- The [Apps API](/docs/reference/api/apps/) is used to manage Apps and their association with Users and Groups.
- The [Users API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/User/) is used for CRUD operations on Users.
- The [Sessions API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Session/) creates and manages user's authentication sessions.
- The [Policy API](/docs/reference/api/policy/) creates and manages settings such as a user's session lifetime.

> - The [User Factors API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/UserFactor/) is used to enroll, manage, and verify factors for multi-factor authentication (MFA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [User Factors API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/UserFactor/) is used to enroll, manage, and verify factors for Multifactor Authentication (MFA).
```

> - The [Devices API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Device/) is used to manage Device identity and lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Devices API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Device/) is used to manage device identity and lifecycle.
```
